README.md, before:

## Social Media written in Python Fastapi Framework

Endpoints:
 1. Posts
	 1. GET /posts Get Posts
	 	GET /posts?page_number=X
		GET /posts?posts_count=X
		GET /posts?page_number=X&posts_count=Y
	 2. POST /posts Create Posts
	 3. GET /posts/{id} Get POST
	 4. PUT /posts/{id} Update Post
	 5. DELETE /posts/{id} Delete Post
	 6. GET /posts/latest Getting latest posts
 2. Vote
	 1. POST /vote/ Vote to specific post
 3. Users
	 1. GET /users/{id} Get User
 4. Authentication
	 1. POST auth/login/ Login
	 2. POST auth/logout/ Logout
	 2. Post auth/register Register new user
 5. Default
	 1. / Root
##
## How to run it ?
At first you need to install all requirements which are in requirements.txt file by command bellow :

    pip install -r requirements.txt
This command will install fastapi[all] for your that will include of all the fastapi dependencies like **uvicorn** and ..., so you can run the project by command bellow:

    uvicorn app.main:app
Now the application is running on 127.0.0.1 port 8000 . You can use it :)


> If I learnt anything in this project, I have written it in api-implementation-notes.md file . You can read those notes if you want .

Commit message:

searching in posts is available in /posts/search endpoint, you can send your query in q parameter to this endpoint . you can also paginate the results by page_number and posts_count parameters .

README.md, after:

## Social Media written in Python Fastapi Framework

Endpoints:
 1. Posts
	 1. GET /posts Get Posts
	 	GET /posts?page_number=X
		GET /posts?posts_count=Y
		GET /posts?page_number=X&posts_count=Y
	 2. POST /posts Create Posts
	 3. GET /posts/{id} Get POST
	 4. PUT /posts/{id} Update Post
	 5. DELETE /posts/{id} Delete Post
	 6. GET /posts/latest Getting latest posts
	 7. GET /posts/search?q=X To search X in titles and contents of the posts
	 	GET /posts/search?q=X?page_number=Y
		GET /posts/search?q=X?posts_number=Z
		GET /posts/search?q=X?page_number=Y&posts_number=Z
 2. Vote
	 1. POST /vote/ Vote to specific post
 3. Users
	 1. GET /users/{id} Get User
 4. Authentication
	 1. POST auth/login/ Login
	 2. POST auth/logout/ Logout
	 2. Post auth/register Register new user
 5. Default
	 1. / Root
##
## How to run it ?
At first you need to install all requirements which are in requirements.txt file by command bellow :

    pip install -r requirements.txt
This command will install fastapi[all] for your that will include of all the fastapi dependencies like **uvicorn** and ..., so you can run the project by command bellow:

    uvicorn app.main:app
Now the application is running on 127.0.0.1 port 8000 . You can use it :)


> If I learnt anything in this project, I have written it in api-implementation-notes.md file . You can read those notes if you want .
